docs(tax): TAX-1750 add store operations docs for tax customers and tax property type field (#929)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/store-operations/tax/tax-properties.mdx

---
title: Tax Properties

> keywords: get all products, tax, tax properties,

Reviewer: A little bit funky having `get all products` here? 🤔 

Perhaps worth removing, I'm not sure I can justify a customer equivalent here.

---

# Tax Properties

> The Tax Properties API allows merchants to vary the tax information they send to tax providers for tax calculation. In some jurisdictions, tax rates for products vary by product composition. For example, accurate taxation of alcohol may require information about alcohol percentage. Using tax properties, providers can return more accurate tax quotes. The examples in this guide expand on this use case.

Reviewer: 🍻 Now that we're talking about two types of tax properties, I think it makes sense to shuffle some of this around and go even more high-level...

```suggestion
The Tax Properties API allows merchants to vary the tax information they send to tax providers for tax calculation. 

In some jurisdictions, tax rates for products vary by product composition. For example, accurate taxation of alcohol may require information about alcohol percentage. Using product tax properties, providers can return more accurate tax quotes.

Tax calculation may also be influenced by customer data that sits outside the standard BigCommerce customer model. For example, a tax provider may provide a tax exemption based on exemption certificates associated with third party ERP customer ID. Using customer tax properties, providers can apply the relevant adjustments to the transacting customer's tax quote.

The examples in this guide expand on these product and customer use cases.
```

> Tax providers may sometimes need multiple inputs that can vary between different types of product. For example, for products with alcohol, the alcohol percentage and the volume sold affect alcohol taxes. As shown in this guide, merchants can provide both pieces of information to tax providers.

Reviewer: As above, I think we can drop this paragraph - it's largely a repeat and seems to only be pointing out that users can have multiple product tax properties.

> The API also supports **customer tax properties**, which allow merchants to provide customer-specific tax information to tax providers. These properties can influence how tax is calculated based on the customer making the purchase.

Reviewer: 🍻 See above 🙏
